\chapter{Meeting Minutes}
\section{Meeting 1}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 28.09.2023, 11:30 - 12:15
    \item Place: Room 1.258
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent This was the kick-off meeting. We presented the current version of our prototype and its underlying architecture. The main focus of the meeting was to discuss the functional requirements, especially since we had introduced our own topic for the SA.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Functional Requirements:} We discussed various user cases related to the SA project including key exchange, enabling/disabling PQC and other related functionality.
    \item \textbf{Implementation Strategy:} Starting with a CLI-based approach and eventually moving to a frontend solution.
    \item \textbf{Architecture and Documentation:} Discussions about the architectural design, documentation and conceptual thoughts.
    \item \textbf{Presentation:} Plans for demonstrating and presenting the product.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 2}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 05.10.2023, 11:30 - 12:15
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we reviewed the prototype, focusing on aspects related to SSL.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{PQC Encryption:} Discussions on when to apply PQC encryption: before/after default encryption mechanism.
    \item \textbf{Documentation:} We need to document the decisions taken in the project.
    \item \textbf{Architecture:} We need to create an architecture overview.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 3}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 12.10.2023, 11:30 - 12:15
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we reviewed the prototype, focusing on aspects related to SSL.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{PQC Encryption:} Discussions on when to apply PQC encryption: before/after default encryption mechanism.
    \item \textbf{Documentation:} We need to document the decisions taken in the project.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 4}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 26.10.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we presented the prototype of the Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC) system and engaged in a discussion regarding the challenges faced with the XMPP Server. Additionally, we explored potential courses of action in the event that we are unable to successfully implement the prototype.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Documentation:} We need to add the meeting minutes to the documentation.
    \item \textbf{Prototype:} Proceed with the development of the prototype and document any challenges encountered.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 5}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 02.11.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we showed the evaluation of several clients and showed the first prototype with qxmpp. We discussed the problems of DNS resolution failures due to false handling of onion addresses.\\

\section{Meeting 6}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 09.11.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we discussed why we changed to prosody as our xmpp server. Showed the progress with s2s communication (federation). We also showed that we achieved a standalone cli with qxmpp.\\

\section{Meeting 7}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 16.11.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we presented our c++ client.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Code Freeze:} We need to freeze the code at the end of november, to work on the documentation.
    \item \textbf{Patent:} We discussed the possibility of patenting the idea.
    \item \textbf{Academic Paper:} We discussed the possibility of writing an academic paper for the idea.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 8}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 23.11.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we presented the sending of a message via frontend and explained the usage of mqtt and websockets to achieve this.\\

\noindent\textbf{Discussion Points}
\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{MQTT:} We discussed using MQTT for robust communication between the frontend and backend. Dr. Alexandru Caracas suggested that proprietary protocols might provide a smoother solution. Additionally, the possibility of optimizing this process through IPC (Inter-Process Communication) or message queues was also considered.
\end{itemize}

\section{Meeting 9}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 30.11.2023, 11:30 - 12:00
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent During the meeting, we presented our own protocol, the qChatProtocolHandler. We showed how we solved the certificate update in the linux truststore via filewatchers. We explained how the key- and certificate exchange is handled.\\

\section{Meeting 10}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 07.12.2023, 11:30 - 11.50
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent Development is finished, so the focus of the meeting was on documentation. First, we set the deadlines for the project and the abstract. Second, we answered our questions about the documentation.\\


\section{Meeting 11}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Date and Time: 14.12.2023, 11:30 - 11.50
    \item Place: Online
    \item Participants: Dr. Alexandru Caracas, Miles Strässle, Svenja Sutter
\end{itemize}

\noindent We showed the progress in the documentation and discussed several improvement points.

